# Colt-Steele-Advance-Web-Developer-Bootcamp
the complete course that will help you learn the latest technologies, tools and libraries to become a proficient web developer.  Think of this course as an encyclopedia of all the  knowledge you need to take your developer skills to the next level.  There are quite a few options out there for online training, but we are certain this course is the most comprehensive and frankly the best one out there - here’s why:  This course is taught by professional bootcamp instructors. The material you’re going to learn has been taught to hundreds of students in person and hundreds of thousands online.  Everything we’ll cover in this course is up-to-date and even anticipates future advancements to prepare you for what is to come. We focus on the most commonly used technologies, libraries and frameworks.  This is the only full-stack developer course that covers Advanced CSS, Advanced JavaScript, NodeJS, D3, React and Redux!!  We build over 10 projects and have dozens of code challenges with solutions to ensure you understand the material and don’t just watch us talk!  You get to meet our wonderful course mascot - Whiskey the dog!  Throughout the course we cover tons of tools and technologies including:  React React-Router Redux CSS3 Transitions, Transforms and Animations Testing with Jasmine D3 SVG Building charts, force graphs and data visualizations ES2015 keywords, arrow functions, class syntax, and much more ES2016 and ES2017 and cutting edge features to JavaScript Callbacks, Promises, Generators and Async Functions Building Node.js APIs Building Single Page Applications Object Oriented Programming in JavaScript Closures and the keyword 'this' Functional Programming in JavaScript Authentication and Authorization Asynchronous Code with JavaScript  This course is also unique in the way that it is structured and presented. Many online courses are just a long series of "watch as I code" videos. This course is different. I've incorporated everything I learned in my years of teaching to make this course not only more effective but more engaging. The course includes:  Lectures  Code-Alongs  Projects  Exercises and Solutions  Research Assignments  Slides  Downloads  Readings  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. We’ve all been working in the education industry for the past four years and love working with people and helping students learn. Sign up today and see how fun, exciting, and rewarding web development can be!  If you want to take ONE COURSE to learn everything you need to know to be successful as a modern JavaScript web developer, take this course.
